feat: diagnosticLog config (#69)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-android-sdk: CHANGES.md

# Changelog

# 3.3.2

> - Add `HCaptchaConfig.diagnosticLog` to enable diagnostics logs that helpful during troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `HCaptchaConfig.diagnosticLog` to log diagnostics that are helpful during troubleshooting
```
